{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20940\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 TeXnicle Beta 38, 24th March 2012\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 Focus area: Live Update\
\
TeXnicle has a first implementation of 'live update' on projects and standalone files. \
If the 'Live Update' button is on then TeXnicle will attempt to continuously typeset \
the project. Before each automatic typeset, the project/document is saved. The \
project/document is only typeset if there have been changes to any of the project \
files (or to the standalone file) since the last time it was typeset.\
\
\
Other changes in beta 38:\
\
+ TeXnicle now has syntax checking based on the chktex program. You can setup how this\
  is used in the preferences under the 'Typesetting' tab.\
+ Improved look of completion lists.\
+ When typing a command (\\something) TeXnicle now automatically shows a completion list. \
  This behaviour can be deactivated in the preferences on the Commands tab.\
+ When pasting a table, you are now prompted to select the separator character for \
  parsing columns of the pasted text.\
+ Thumbnails beside the PDF view automatically resize as the split-view is resized. \
  Removed the manual resizing slider.\
+ Added the ability to define the lists for smart completion of references, citations, \
  file includes, and \\begin environments. See the 'Commands' tab in the preferences.\
+ Bug fixes to synctex support. In some cases the file paths are absolute; this wasn't \
  handled properly before.\
+ Bug fixes: better handling of included .bib files when listing possible citations.\
+ Bug fix: when adding a new file from template, the suggested filename now changes \
  each time you add a new file.\
+ Bug fix: removing a 'supported file type' is now persistent across app restarts.\
+ Bug fix: hitting enter after typing \\begin\{ no longer causes an exception to be thrown.\
+ Other minor bug fixes and improvements.}