{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20940\viewh16520\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 TeXnicle Beta 27, 1st January 2012\ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural
\cf0 + Code Snippets Library\
\
  - Code snippets now support placeholders. A placeholder is indicated by enclosing a string in '@'. \
    For example, you can have a snippet like\
    \\section\{@section@\}\
  - The text editor replaces the placeholders with tokens. You can jump to the next or previous placeholder \
    token with cmd-enter and shift-cmd-enter.\
  - The library has some major structural changes to allow for better future support. In the past, restoring\
    the default library would result in all your own library additions being lost. This will no longer happen\
    if you do one more restore. The new library structure has a version number and each code clipping has a \
    UUID to better support future upgrades and restoring of defaults without destroying user-added categories \
    and clips.\
    \
    ** It is strongly recommended that you restore the default library **\
    \
    To do that, select the library pane and click on the action button under the categories list. \
    Select "Restore Default Library". Since you have an old-style library currently, any changes \
    you made will be lost. I'm sorry about this, but this is the best/only way to improve this \
    situation for the future. The library is actually stored in the preferences plist for TeXnicle \
    which is in /Users/<username>/Library/Preferences/com.bobsoft.TeXnicle.plist. You could make a \
    back-up of this file then do the restore in TeXnicle, then merge any changes you had made back \
    in to the upgraded file by hand. I can provide instructions on this if anyone needs this.\
\
+ Preferences has a new panel to edit the pdflatex and gs paths needed for compiling code snippet previews.\
+ PDF viewer now has a (collapsable, resizable) thumbnail list.\
+ The PDF viewer search results list is now resizable.}